we look then my name is french and
today i'm going to answer a question from
Mitchell and who asks on what days
which muscle groups can best train
And so we have a combination of
be the best and so on
well at least we go first
already say there are so many
options are because there are so many
variations of course with a lot
different variables that play a role
for example how often you train where you
especially want to emphasize whether you
have injuries and so on
I train it myself more often a week because
I already like it and I have the me there
make time for that so I have less
need for really combine I can often
just a single muscle group per
workout partner and give the
me for a moment that says nothing
but the just i often train 35 to 45
minutes and then I'm done with my
training in you have had muscle group
only if you can train fewer days
then of course you have to combine such
for three times a week is a good one
combination for that wants on day one breast
biceps on day 2
your shoulders and your back and assignment 3 you
legs and your triceps
four days a week you can think of
chest biceps back and shoulders triceps
your legs dissolve days and five times
in the week and yours just a day
brush you can do a day of air you can
a day shoulders you can do a day
legs do you can do that poor and so
thus how many times train more often
You have the option of a certain
train muscle groups and for example
Imagine you already have very good arms
then you can on the 5 day schedule
for example, choose to still have one
do chest biceps triceps nights or one
chest triceps
air biceps and then another day
from chest and to stick from esther
just youth rest or shoulders
just add something extra
make your weaknesses a bit more
to get upstairs
well in your schedule with you there think
that you
a I myself prefer a
large muscle group with and smaller
muscle group combine
Well of course it can with time or
any other training videos or pi
just because it is coming out now is possible
for example you are two big ones
muscle group, for example, combines something
You often see is a combination between
chest and back that you air their breasts
behind one
I once have a breast myself
quiet in my schedule
in which it is always super set where it is
once a chest exercise in one
from the back and always putting it super
with each other so that you for example a
super the super set with
bench press and barbell are everywhere then
actually performs two in the same way
and you don't really need much rest there
between because you are
stood in front
opposite muscle groups we
have little influence on each other
well when you exactly those days
must do that really makes a whole thunder
from which often sees that the chest and
triceps men who are all whole
very busy on Monday and then on
Wednesdays and Fridays do other things
or also breast and biceps of course
when you get it you exactly get their chest
diary or lawyers and not one
nut skin and clean when you come out
train all your legs on Monday
do you just nice your legs Monday
but that it actually speaks for itself
but some people are so into that
fixed model fixed because I have to Monday
train my chest
yes that can sometimes be a bit tricky the de
flexibility two schedule so you have to
just train when you can when
comes out
and if you have a three-day schedule there
I would make sure that you
tries to rest a delsey every time
between them so that you don't
for example, three consecutive days
trains and then not for 3 days for 4 days
if it is true that you can only do so
of course you have to
just do it but sometimes try quietly
spawn season 4 days it rains
just train for two days then one day
rest two days of training and 2 days
and so on
and you can play a little more
Of course well I hope you have something
to this video and that you aim
know well on which days and how
can put together your training schedule
this was my opinion give this video a
thumbs up if you liked it and leave it
a response
you can also post your questions it is also possible
my twitter so that one of
below zero description and I'll see the
next time with a new video
load